now back to my ingredients there's again
the two scotch bonnet peppers one whole
onion chopped a 2 inch piece of ginger
they're just peeled off the skin and
then chop that up I've got one teaspoon
of allspice
now don't get that confused with mix
bites they're two totally different
things
and a good sprig of fresh thyme just
take that I'm going to pop that into the
blender avoids all that contact with the
things and everything ever so simple if
you've got one of these and as for the
time you just want us to push that off
with your knife sometimes it kind of
when it dries out it sort of binds on to
the little stalks there so just use your
sharp knife there and scrape that down
and that's it you just pick that up and
put that inside
and the other ingredients are 50ml of a
dark soy sauce
and 50ml of time vinegar very simple to
do sprigs of thyme in a bottle pour your
wine vinegar on top and just let it all
interviews together then we just blitz
that together the idea of the soy sauce
and the vinegar is not only that it's of
moistens all your other ingredients but
it tenderizes the meat that's the most
important thing that's beautiful and
then we take that and just pour that on
top of our chicken you pick up your
palette knife and then work that into me
give you a meat of good Oh rub that's it
nice and a hot spicy meat yeah Nancy and
turn it over to I don't be frightened to
turn that over and really get into those
cups now there's cut from native chicken
work that marinade right down to the
bone that's it remember you want to do
this for about sort of 24 hours
marinating it maybe even 48 hours but no
longer than that otherwise it starts to
break down the meat and you lose all
that kind of juiciness of tenderness
that you get with your meat and once
you've marinated your chicken there long
enough you pop them on top of your
barbecue
look at those coals you can see that
lovely sort of white sort of dust there
that's collected around that cause
that's the indication that it's ready to
cook to get to that stage
once you've lit your barbecue it's
probably gonna take anywhere up sort of
1440 minutes maybe even an hour until
they kind of die down like there and
that would avoid it sort of burning you
know you don't want to burn your meat or
fish your chicken breasts they're gonna
take about 25 to 30 minutes to cook and
the wings 15 to 20 minutes
beautiful chatting
[Music]